HEY, TRY
AND CHEER UP, LEO.
IT'S NOT LIKE EVERYONE
SAW YOU LOSE.
YEAH, SHE'S RIGHT!
15 MILLION, TOPS.
[DEADPAN]
THANKS.
IT'S NOT A LOSS IF
YOU LEARN SOMETHING.
NOW YOU KNOW MORE THAN
YOU DID BEFORE, RIGHT, LEO?
HUH?
YEAH, MORE
ABOUT LOSING.
I JUST
CAN'T WAIT
TO USE THAT
IN MY NEXT
MATCH!
EXCUSE ME.
SO WHAT'S HER
PROBLEM?
SIR RANDSBORG. REPORTING
AS YOU REQUESTED, MY LIEGE!
[CHUCKLES]
I TOLD YOU HE'D BE
PERFECT FOR THIS DUEL.
THE COSTUME MIGHT BE
A BIT MELODRAMATIC,
BUT HE SAID HE WOULDN'T
DUEL WITHOUT IT.
IS IT TRUE THAT I
AM TO DUEL
AN OPPONENT OF
THY FEMALE PERSUASION,
YOUR HIGHNESS?
CHIVALRY FORBIDS THIS!
THY FAIRER SPECIES
IS TOO WEAK, MILORD!
WHAT IF I TOLD YOU
SHE WAS THE BLACK ROSE?
IT IS BELIEVED
THAT HER CARDS WIELD
A POWER SO REAL
THAT THEY HAVE BEEN
KNOWN TO COME TO LIFE.
I SEE. A WITCH!
ARE YOU AFRAID,
SIR RANDSBORG?
YOU KNOW IF YOU DON'T
FULFILL YOUR OBLIGATION,
WELL, YOU MIGHT JUST
FIND YOURSELF DUELING
AT A RENAISSANCE FAIR!
MY WORD IS MY BOND.
SO I WILL ENGAGE
THIS BLACK ROSE
IN BATTLE!
[CHUCKLES]
JUST DON'T GO EASY
ON HER IN THE ARENA.
PUSH HER TO EXHAUSTION.
WE MUST SEE IF SHE HAS
THE MARK OF THE DRAGON.
FEAR NOT!
THY SHE-CREATURE IS
NO MATCH FOR
SIR GIL DE RANDSBORG!
ON MY SWORD...
I SWEAR THE BLACK ROSE
WILL TASTE DEFEAT!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
WELCOME BACK! OUR NEXT
DUEL IS ABOUT TO BEGIN!
AND NOW ENTERING THE ARENA,
A KNIGHT IN SHINING ARMOR.
IT'S THE ONE, THE ONLY
GIL DE RANDSBORG!
GOOD PEOPLE OF NEW DOMINO!
THOU SHALL KNOWEST
MY BLADE AND MY DECK
FROM THE ATTACKS
THEE SHALL WITNESS!
Announcer: WHILE WE WAIT
FOR A SHAKESPEAREAN SCHOLAR
TO TRANSLATE ALL THAT,
LET'S GET READY
FOR HIS OPPONENT!
THIS GUY
CAN'T BE SERIOUS!
DON'T GET ME
STARTED ON THAT
BIG FAKER, GRANDPA.
I WORE THAT SAME COSTUME
LAST HALLOWEEN.
Announcer: NOW ENTERING
THE ARENA, HIS OPPONENT,
WITH A RECORD OF...
WELL, IT APPEARS WE DON'T
HAVE ANY RECORD FOR HER!
BUT WE CAN SAY
SHE'S, UM,
ARE YOU SAYING WE HAVE
NO INFORMATION FOR HER?
UM, WELL, DOMINO CITY,
LET'S HERE IT
FOR MISS AKIZA IZINSKI!
I HAVE
THE STRANGEST
FEELING
LIKE WE'VE SEEN
HER BEFORE!
YOU MEAN LIKE
IN THE HALLWAY?
NO! BEFORE THAT!
GET WITH IT, DEXTER!
AAH!
WHAT IS IT, LUNA?
THERE'S SOMETHING
WITH HER DECK.
IT'S LIKE I CAN FEEL
IT IN PAIN.
Sayer, thinking: SHOW
THEM WHAT YOU'RE MADE OF.
Yusei, thinking:
AKIZA, IS IT?
Gil, thinking:
SO THIS BE THY OPPONENT
I AM TO BATTLE.
YOU'LL FIND NO MERCY
HERE, SORCERESS!
BUT YOU WILL FIND DEFEAT!
Together: LET'S DUEL!
READY, FAIR MAIDEN?
BEHOLD!
I SUMMONETH
A LEVEL 3 MASKED KNIGHT!
THEE SHALL
SUFFER THIS, ITS
ABILITY MOST SPECIAL!
THOU LOSETH
400 POINTS!
FORTHWITH I SHALL CALL
UPON MINE SPELL: LEVEL UP!
THEE HAST SERVED NOBLY,
BUT BE BANISHED
TO THY YARD OF GRAVES,
FOR THOU BROTHER-IN-ARMS
NOW BE SUMMONED...
MASKED KNIGHT,
LEVEL THE FIFTH!
AND THUS, LIKE
THY COMRADE IN
ABILITIES MOST SPECIAL,
THOU SHALL FEEL
THE SHARP STING AS FORCES
ALIGN AGAINST THEE!
LIFE POINTS
MOST FOUL BE GONE!
I SHALL YIELD
WITH A FACEDOWN.
THINE TURN.
CAN OUR MYSTERY DUELIST
COME BACK FROM THIS?
DOES SHE HAVE A CHANCE?
WILL I UNDERSTAND
ANYTHING SIR RANDSBORG
SAYS IN THIS DUEL?
IT'S ALL GOING
ACCORDING TO
OUR PLAN, SIR.
RANDSBORG WILL PUSH
HER TO HER LIMITS,
AND THEN WE'LL
KNOW FOR CERTAIN
IF SHE'S A SIGNER!
FEAR NOT,
MAIDEN OF THE DARKNESS.
DEFEAT IS SOON.
A SILENT TONGUE
OR HATH A VIPER
TAKE HOLD OF THEE?
NO. I'M
GETTING TIRED OF
HAVING TO LISTEN
TO YOUR BAD ACCENT!
SHE JUST PLAYED
WALL OF IVY.
IT'S
A GREAT CARD
IF YOU'RE
LOOKING FOR
SOME DEFENSE.
AND NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE
A SPELL CARD...
SEED OF DECEPTION.
WITH THIS, I GET
THE POWER TO SUMMON
ANOTHER LEVEL 2 PLANT
MONSTER FROM MY HAND!
OR IN SOME WORDS THAT
YOU CAN UNDERSTAND,
THOU ARE ABOUT TO
BE ROYALLY PLAYED.
NOW THAT COPY PLANT'S
ON MY FIELD,
IT GETS TO POWER UP
TO THE LEVEL OF
A MONSTER ON YOUR FIELD.
AND I CAN'T THINK OF
ANYONE MORE PERFECT
THAN YOUR
LEVEL 5 KNIGHT.
THIS FAIR MAIDEN WOULD
LIKE TO THANK YOU
FOR ALL YOUR HELP.
I'M NOT SURE
I FOLLOW
WHAT SHE'S
DOING, TANNER.
Leo and Dexter:
SHE'S GONNA
SYNCHRO SUMMON!
I FEAR YOU NOT, MILADY!
YOU SHOULD,
BECAUSE I'M TUNING
COPY PLANT WITH
MY WALL OF IVY!
IT'S TIME YOU
STOPPED PLAYING
WITH PLASTIC SWORDS
AND DICE, RANDSBORG!
NOW I SUMMON
TO THE FIELD
BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
WHAT'S WITH
ALL THE WIND?
[CROWD MOANING]
[GROWLING]
'TIS TRUE!
THOU BEEST
THY BLACK ROSE!
STAY BACK!
BLACK ROSE.
IT IS! LOOK!
ONLY BLACK ROSE CAN
SUMMON BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
[CHUCKLES]
WELL, SHE DIDN'T
WASTE ANY TIME,
DID SHE?
[GROANS]
YOUR ARM! YOU
ALSO HAVE A MARK.
STAY AWAY FROM ME!
I'VE SEEN
THAT DRAGON BEFORE.
THEN CONGRATULATIONS.
MOST WHO COME FACE
TO FACE WITH IT
NEVER DUEL AGAIN.
IT HAS BEEN SAID
THAT THE BLACK ROSE
DRAGON'S WRATH
CAN CAUSE
TRUE DESTRUCTION.
THAT'S SO COOL.
THIS IS THE BEST
FORTUNE CUP EVER!
MY FRIENDS
ARE GONNA BE
SO JEALOUS I'M HERE!
FEAR NOT!
THINE KNIGHT SHALL
DO BATTLE WITH
THE GREAT BEAST!
AND THY DARK MAIDEN SHALL
BE MADE TO PAY FOR THIS!
Gil, thinking: AND LEST
MINE EYES DECEIVE ME,
SHE KNOWS NOT
OF MY FACEDOWN
SAKURETU ARMOR
WAITING TO STRIKE!
YOUR EYES DO VEX.
I'LL TAKE THAT
AS A COMPLIMENT.
BUT IN CASE IT
WASN'T, I SHOULD LET
YOU KNOW SOMETHING.
BLACK ROSE DRAGON
TAKES OUT ALL OF YOUR
CARDS, RANDSBORG.
CURSES!
GO, BLACK ROSE GALE!
I DON'T BELIEVE IT!
AN INCREDIBLE
TORNADO HAS STRUCK
INSIDE THE ARENA!
SO THOU CAN
COMMAND THE WIND!
AMONG OTHER THINGS.
NOW WATCH
AS I PLAY
MY FIELD SPELL,
BLACK GARDEN!
WHAT EVIL IS THIS?
IT'S YOUR MOVE,
RANDSBORG.
THE BLACK ROSE
DOES HAVE MAGIC POWERS!
MINE TURN!
[GROWLS]
I SHALL ACTIVATETH
MINE SPELL:
THE WARRIOR
RETURNETH ALIVE.
IT HATH THE POWER
TO RETURNETH
MY MONSTERS FROM BEYOND
THE DARK VEIL OF THE GRAVE!
MASKED KNIGHT
LEVEL THE THIRD,
REJOIN THY BATTLE!
YOU SHALL FIGHT AGAIN!
AH! WHAT BE THIS?
THIS BE THE POWER
OF MY BLACK GARDEN.
AS LONG AS
WE'RE INSIDE
THIS GREENHOUSE,
YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS
ARE CUT IN HALF
AND A ROSE TOKEN
BLOSSOMS
ON MY FIELD.
I'M SURE A KNIGHT
LIKE YOU CAN HANDLE
A FEW THORNS.
WATCH HER BEAUTY
BLOOM.
AND BE SURE THAT
YOU TAKE IN
THE SWEET SMELL OF
MY SUCCESS.
HEH HEH.
Announcer: WITH MASKED
KNIGHT'S ATTACK
POINTS SLICED IN HALF,
SIR RANDSBORG CAN'T GET
CLOSE TO THE BLACK ROSE.
Gil, thinking:
MINE POINTS ATTACKETH
MATTER NOT!
THINE MONSTERS SHALL
STILL FALL
TO THY KNIGHT'S ABILITY
MOST SPECIAL.
VENGEANCE IS MINE!
YOU YIELD?
NOT WITH
MY DOPPELGANGER
TRAP CARD IN PLAY.
Computer: WITH THE TRAP CARD
DOPPELGANGER,
WHEN YOU TAKE DAMAGE FROM
THE SPECIAL ABILITY OF
YOUR OPPONENT'S MONSTER,
YOUR OPPONENT TAKES
THE SAME AMOUNT OF DAMAGE.
TAKE THAT,
YOU BIG TIN CAN!
OH, NO!
IT LOOKS LIKE
SIR RANDSBORG
TOOK HIS FIRST HIT,
AND IT IS A MAJOR ONE.
HIS FACE!
SHE GAVE HIM
A SCAR!
I GUESS HER POWERS
ARE REAL!
EH, LET'S GO HOME.
IF SHE CAN DO THAT TO HIM,
WHAT'LL SHE DO TO US?
'TIS BUT A MERE
SCRATCH.
HER POWERS SCARE NOT
THIS BRAVE WARRIOR.
BUT 'ERE WITCH
SHALL PAY!
BE CAREFUL WHO YOU
CALL A WITCH.
A THREAT?
YOU SHALL PAY DEARLY
FOR THAT!
I CASTETH TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN.
THINE TURN.
I KNOW.
AND FOR STARTERS,
I'LL PLAY MY SPELL
MARK OF THE ROSE,
WHICH LETS ME
SELECT ONE
OF THE MONSTERS
ON YOUR SIDE OF
THE FIELD AND TAKE
CONTROL OF IT.
MASKED KNIGHT,
WHAT DO YOU THINK
ABOUT JOINING ME?
HA HA HA.
OH, MY!
HE APPEARS TO BE QUITE
SMITTEN WITH HER.
IT LOOKS AS THOUGH
YOUR MONSTER
HAS SWORN HIS
ALLEGIANCE TO ME.
I THINK
IT'S TIME TO LET
SIR RANDSBORG FEEL
THE STING
OF YOUR BETRAYAL.
AAH!
THOU BEWITCHED THE HEART
OF MY NOBLE KNIGHT!
THOU SHALL SUFFER
FOR SUCH INSOLENCE!
NOT BEFORE THIS.
I EQUIP
THE SPELL
VENGEFUL SERVANT
ON MY NEW
MASKED KNIGHT!
SO NOW WHEN
HE GOES BACK
TO YOUR CONTROL
AT THE END
OF MY TURN,
YOU LOSE
EVEN MORE
LIFE POINTS...
ONE FOR
EACH OF HIS
ATTACK POINTS!
YOU DARE NOT!
OH, NO, I DO DARE!
LOOKS LIKE IT'S
THE END OF MY TURN!
MASKED KNIGHT,
WHY DON'T YOU GO
ON HOME?
AND UNLEASH
THE TRUE POWER OF
MY VENGEFUL SERVANT?
NOW STRIKE DOWN
HIS LIFE POINTS.
[GIL SCREAMING]
THIS ROSE HAS THORNS!
IN JUST ONE ROUND,
SHE'S PULLED UP THE ROOTS
OF RANDSBORG'S LEAD
LIKE IT WAS A WEED
INFESTATION!
THINE GIRL SHALL
SUFFER MY WRATH
WITH THIS, MINE TRAP
CARD... THY LEVEL CHANGE!
THINE TURN HATH
NOT FINISHED AS
OF YET, BLACK ROSE!
MINE TRAITOROUS
MASKED KNIGHT,
LEVEL THE THIRD,
SHALL BE SACRIFICED
TO THE YARD OF GRAVES
SO THAT A FAR NOBLER
WARRIOR MAY
TAKE THINE PLACE...
MY MASKED KNIGHT,
LEVEL THE FIFTH!
RETURNETH TO THY BATTLE,
MY BRAVE WARRIOR!
Announcer:
SIR RANDSBORG'S CRACKED
THE BLACK ROSE'S COMBO!
THIS IS ANYONE'S DUEL NOW!
IT APPEARS YOU FORGOT
ABOUT BLACK GARDEN.
FOR EVERY MONSTER
YOU SUMMON,
ITS ATTACK POINTS ARE
CUT IN HALF.
[KNIGHT GROANING]
AND NOT ONLY THAT,
BUT I'LL BE GETTING
ANOTHER ROSE TOKEN.
NOW I END MY TURN.
SORCERESS, YOU DARE
ENCHANT MINE MONSTERS
WITH THINE SPELLS?
THY GARDEN
BE NO EDEN BUT SHALL
FALL THE SAME!
NOW, MINE KNIGHT,
YOU HATH EARNED PROMOTION
FOR BRAVE SERVICE AGAINST
THY MOST WICKED OPPONENT.
HE'S RIGHT!
THANKS TO MASKED KNIGHT'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
HE UPGRADES FROM LEVEL 5
ALL THE WAY TO LEVEL 7.
NOW, JOIN
MINE SIDE! HYAH!
BLACK GARDEN,
DO YOUR THING.
ONCE AGAIN,
ANOTHER ROSE TOKEN
SHALL BLOOM.
IMPRESSIVE.
THOSE ROSE TOKENS
OF HERS CAN'T BE
DESTROYED IN BATTLE.
SHE'S GOT
AN IMPENETRABLE WALL.
THE QUESTION IS,
CAN SHE HOLD OUT?
NOT EVEN A PRETTY
GARDEN CAN STOP
RANDSBORG FOREVER.
I'M AFRAID IT'S ONLY
A MATTER OF TIME
BEFORE THAT BLACK ROSE
GETS CLIPPED.
FOUL SHE-CREATURE,
THOU HATH DRAPED THY
ARENA IN DARK FOLIAGE.
YE HATH SEDUCED
MINE KNIGHTS,
BUT NOW, THY DARK
DECK SHALL FALL
BEFORE MINE MIGHT!
BEHOLD MY GLORY SHIELD!
WITH IT, MY MASKED KNIGHT
BE IMPERVIOUS
TO ANY OF THY
BEWITCHING SPELLS.
NICE MOVE.
AND NOW WHEN RANDSBORG
DECIDES TO BRING
IN THE BIG BLADES
AND ATTACK
WITH MASKED KNIGHT,
BLACK ROSE CAN'T
USE HER SPELL CARDS
OR TRAPS.
AND IF IT
DOES DAMAGE,
IT DESTROYS
A CARD.
MAYBE
BLACK ROSE
JUST ISN'T
SO POWERFUL
AFTER ALL.
MASKED KNIGHT,
UNLEASH THINE POWERS
ON THY DARKEST
OF MONSTERS,
THE TOKENS OF ROSE!
CRY HAVOC
AND STRIKE DOWN
THINE MAIDEN'S
LIFE POINTS!
Announcer: AND RANDSBORG
BRINGS THE HAMMER DOWN...
OR SHOULD I SAY SWORD...
AS AKIZA TAKES A BIG HIT!
BLACK ROSE IS STARTING
TO WILT!
A FEW MORE ATTACKS
LIKE THAT,
AND SHE'LL BE CHECKING
THE WANT ADS!
DOES ANYONE NEED
A GARDENER?
AND NOW MINE GLORY
SHIELD EFFECT DESTROYETH
THINE DOPPELGANGER!
WITH THY CURSED SPELL
LOST TO THEE,
MASKED KNIGHT,
UNLEASH THINE EFFECT
MOST SPECIAL.
[CHUCKLES]
Announcer:
ONLY 50 LIFE POINTS LEFT?
THIS DUEL IS ALL BUT OVER!
IT'S A FOURTH ENCORE!
IT'S A PARTY
WITH NO MUSIC!
IT'S THE CLOSING CREDITS.
I END MINE TURN...
SO DO YOU THINK
IT'S OVER?
NOT A CHANCE.
SHE'S JUST
GETTING WARMED UP.
AND WHY DO YOU THINK
THAT? YOU KNOW HER?
SOME ANCIENT
MYSTICAL BOND?
THINE TURN.
AND ANY LAST WORDS,
FAIR MAIDEN,
FOR YOU SHALL NOT
SEE ANOTHER! HA!
YEAH.
I GOT SOME LAST WORDS...
THIS DUEL'S OVER!
LIAR!
Gil, thinking: YOU HATH
LOST ALREADY, MY DEAR.
I SEETH THINE CARDS
AS IF THEY BE MINE.
YOU SHALL RELEASE
YOUR TOKENS OF ROSE,
HOPING AGAINST HOPE
TO SUMMON A CREATURE.
AND THAT SHALL BE
THY UNDOING.
FOR ONCE SUMMONED,
THY BLACK GARDEN
WILL AFFORD ME
A TOKEN OF ROSE.
YOU SHALL ATTACK.
AND YOU SHALL FAIL,
FOR YOU HATH NO IDEA
WHAT DWELLS BENEATH
MINE CARD MOST FACEDOWN.
LIKE ALL DUELISTS
WHO BATTLED BEFORE ME,
YOU HATH NO MIND
FOR STRATEGY.
WAITING FOR YOU IS
MY MARTYR FLAG...
A SPELL
MOST SIMPLE, TRUE,
BUT IT SHALL DOUBLE
THY ATTACK POINTS
OF MY MASKED KNIGHT.
YOU SHALL TASTE
THE AGONY OF DEFEAT
AND LEARN NOT
TO TREAD HERE
IN MINE ARENA!
SO WHAT TO DO?
I THINK
I'LL DESTROY
MY BLACK GARDEN!
WHAT'S THIS,
A TRICK OF SOME SORT?
TRICK? NO.
STRATEGY? YES.
SEE, YOU'VE GOT
TO LEARN TO LOOK
BEYOND THE BEAUTY
OF MY ROSES.
BY DESTROYING
MY BLACK GARDEN
AND MY ROSE TOKENS,
I GET TO SUMMON
A NEW MONSTER:
ONE THAT'S
IN MY GRAVEYARD.
YOU WOULD NOT!
OH, BOY.
Yanagi, Leo, and Dexter:
IT CAN'T BE.
NOW IF MY MATH IS
CORRECT... AND IT ALWAYS IS...
THEN AKIZA HAS SACRIFICED
ENOUGH ATTACK POINTS
TO SUMMON
THE BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
THAT THING IS DANGEROUS!
NOW SAY HELLO TO
MY BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
Computer:
BLACK ROSE DRAGON IS
A LEVEL 7 FIRE
ATTRIBUTE SYNCHRO MONSTER
THAT HAS 2,400 ATTACK POINTS
AND 1,800 DEFENSE POINTS.
Announcer: AKIZA DID IT!
BUT IS IT TOO LATE?
WITH BLACK GARDEN
GONE, MASKED KNIGHT'S
ATTACK POINTS
GO BACK
TO THEIR MAXIMUM!
AND IF YOU KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT FAIRY TALES
WHEN IT COMES TO
KNIGHTS VERSUS DRAGONS,
IT NEVER ENDS WELL
FOR THE DRAGON!
WITH NOTHING ELSE
ON HER FIELD,
BLACK ROSE
CAN'T WIN THIS.
TOO BAD, TOO.
I THOUGHT
SHE HAD IT.
YE TRULY ARE
A FOOL, MILADY.
PERHAPS YE SHOULD
LAY THY CARDS DOWN
AND GO TEND
TO THINE GARDEN.
GREEN THUMB YOU HATH NOT
WHEN IT COMES TO DUELING.
I SURE HATE
TO ADMIT IT,
BUT IT LOOKS LIKE
THIS DUEL'S OVER.
YEAH. BUT IT
WON'T PLAY OUT
LIKE YOU THINK.
SAY WHAT?
DUE TO MY
BLACK ROSE DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
IF I REMOVE
A PLANT-TYPE MONSTER
IN MY GRAVEYARD
FROM PLAY,
YOUR MASKED
KNIGHT'S ATTACK
POINTS GO TO ZERO.
GO, BLACK
BINDING BLOOM!
BUT THOUEST CANNOT
DO THAT TO ME!
IT BE NOT FAIR.
I SPENT ALL YEAR
MAKING THIS COSTUME FOR
THIS SPECIAL TOURNAMENT!
I'M NOT
SUPPOSED TO LOSE!
WELL, TOO BAD.
AND NEXT TIME
YOU WANT TO PLAY
DRESS-UP,
YOU SHOULD REALIZE
IT'S NOT
WHAT YOU WEAR
ON THE OUTSIDE
THAT MAKES YOU
WHO YOU ARE,
BUT WHAT'S
ON THE INSIDE.
I WANT TO GO HOME!
TAKE IT EASY NOW!
I AM TAKING IT EASY!
BLACK ROSE DRAGON,
ATTACK!
[GIL YELLING]
[CROWD SCREAMS]
[CHUCKLES]
I THINK RANDSBORG
WORKED WELL.
NOW TO CHECK IN
WITH ZIGZIX!
SO TELL US, WHAT DID
YOUR D-TECTOR SEE?
WELL, UM,
THERE WAS NO
SIGNER ENERGY.
WE GOT NOTHING.
THEN KEEP LOOKING.
I KNEW SHE'D
WIN THAT DUEL.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN? LIKE
YOU TWO ARE CONNECTED?
Yusei: I DON'T KNOW.
BUT THERE'S
SOMETHING
BETWEEN US.
[MOANING]
Man: HER MONSTERS
ARE REAL!
Girl: BOO! GET
HER OUT OF HERE!
[SCATTERED BOOS]
NOT A BAD WIN, AKIZA.
BUT I GOT A BAD FEELING
THAT YOUR REAL FIGHT IS
JUST ABOUT TO
GET STARTED. GOOD LUCK.